Update teams-for-vdi.md (#9806)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-for-vdi.md

### Client deployment, installation, and setup

- With per-machine installation, Teams on VDI isn't automatically updated in the way that non-VDI Teams clients are. You have to update the VM image by installing a new MSI as described in the [Install or update the Teams desktop app on VDI](#install-or-update-the-teams-desktop-app-on-vdi) section. You must uninstall the current version to update to a newer version.

> - In Citrix persistent VDI environments where Teams was installed using the .exe, if the user disconnects from the Virtual Machine while Teams is running, Teams auto-updates can result in the user to be in a non-optimized state for Audio/Video when they reconnect to their sessions. We recommend that users quit Teams before they disconnect from Citrix Virtual Machine to avoid this scenario. This behaviour is fixed in Teams 1.6.00.4472

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Citrix persistent VDI environments where Teams was installed using the .exe, if the user disconnects from the Virtual Machine while Teams is running, Teams auto-updates can result in the user being in a non-optimized state for Audio/Video when they reconnect to their sessions. We recommend that users quit Teams before they disconnect from Citrix Virtual Machine to avoid this scenario. This behavior is fixed in Teams 1.6.00.4472
```
